fix: make test runner work even if there is no `AbortSignal` support (#36)
nodejs/node-core-test: README.md

  - `only` {boolean} If truthy, and the test context is configured to run
    `only` tests, then this test will be run. Otherwise, the test is skipped.
    **Default:** `false`.

>   - `signal` {AbortSignal} Allows aborting an in-progress test (except on Node.js v14.x).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `signal` {AbortSignal} Allows aborting an in-progress test (needs `--experimental-abortcontroller` on Node.js v14.x).
```

I believe the previous statement wasn't correct?

Author: Well now that I think about it, users are still allowed to pass an `AbortSignal`, which they can't pass if they don't have `AbortController` support themselves anyway. The part that doesn't work is `context.signal`, I should put the warning on that section instead.
